Add new options for IPFS Cluster (#30)
dappforce/dappforce-subsocial-starter: README.md

`--offchain-url` is mandatory here, because of CORS are used for IPFS cluster access.

> You can specify initial peers (bootnodes) to be able to connect to Subsocial as a cluster peer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify initial IPFS cluster bootnodes in order to connect to Subsocial as a cluster peer. Example:
```

```
./start.sh --only-ipfs --cluster-bootstrap "/ip4/172.15.0.9/tcp/9096/p2p/12D3KooWRRyJpS847KJQCEXqWC3AFjaweTBtVvA8DmLz9RxA7yQW"
```

If you want to add, remove or entirely override trusted peers (ones that are able to pin/unpin content on IPFS), you might want to use `--cluster-peers` option:

> - To add a peer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To add a peer:**
```

```
./start.sh --only-ipfs --cluster-peers add '"PeerURI-1", "PeerURI-2"'
```

> - To remove a peer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To remove a peer:**
```

```
./start.sh --only-ipfs --cluster-peers remove '"PeerURI-1", "PeerURI-2"'
```

> - To entirely override trusted peers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To entirely override trusted peers:**
```

```
./start.sh --only-ipfs --cluster-peers override '["*"]'
```

> **Note:** that when you override, you should provide JSON like array of peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** that when you override, you should provide JSON like array of peers.
```

> **Note:** all - add, remove and override should have every Peer URI wrapped by double quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** all - add, remove and override should have every Peer URI wrapped by double quotes.
```

> You can get *Peer URI* (e.g `/ip4/172.15.0.9/tcp/9096/p2p/12D3KooWD8YVcSx6ERnEDXZpXzJ9ctkTFDhDu8d1eQqdDsLgPz7V`) using `--cluster-id` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get *Peer URI* (e.g `/ip4/172.15.0.9/tcp/9096/p2p/12D3KooWD8YVcSx6ERnEDXZpXzJ9ctkTFDhDu8d1eQqdDsLgPz7V`) use `--cluster-id` option:
```

| `--ipfs-ip <readonly/cluster/all>` | Specify custom IPFS IP for IPFS Gateway (readonly), IPFS Cluster or both. |
| `--substrate-extra-opts`           | Start Substrate node with additional Substrate CLI options. Example: `./start.sh --substrate-extra-opts "--dev --name my-subsocial-node"` |
| `--substrate-mode <rpc/validator>` | Start Substrate in a specified mode (`rpc` or `validator`). By default (when isn't specified) starts both nodes RPC and Authority (validator). |

> | `--cluster-id`                     | Shows IPFS Cluster peers if it's running. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-id`                     | Show IPFS Cluster peers if it's running. |
```

> | `--cluster-peers <add/remove/override>`| This will add remove or override trusted peers in IPFS Cluster. Example: `./start.sh --cluster-peers add '["*"]'` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-peers <add/remove/override>`| Add, remove or override trusted peers to/from IPFS Cluster. Example: `./start.sh --cluster-peers add '["*"]'` |
```

| `--cluster-bootstrap "list"`       | Specify initial IPFS Cluster peers as if it's done via `ipfs-cluster-service` CLI. Example: `./start.sh --cluster-bootstrap "/ip4/<FIRST_IP>/tcp/9066/<FIRST_IDENTITY_ID>, /ip4/<SECOND_IP>/tcp/9066/<SECOND_IDENTITY_ID>"` |
| `--cluster-mode <crdt/raft>`       | Specify IPFS Cluster consensus mode, which can be `crdt` or `raft`. |

> | `--cluster-secret`                 | Specify IPFS Cluster secret if consensus is RAFT. This one should be equal for all cluster nodes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-secret`                 | Specify IPFS Cluster secret if consensus is RAFT. Cluster secret must be equal across all cluster nodes. |
```

> | `--cluster-peername`               | Specify IPFS Cluster peer name. This one should be unique for all cluster nodes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-peername`               | Specify IPFS Cluster peer name. Each Cluster node must have its own unique peer name. |
```
